Hello and welcome to the Knox video training series.
In this video, you'll learn how to get started with Knox Remote Support.
Knox Remote Support lets you control and support devices remotely.
Allowing you to view and interact with the device from your web browser, which lets you to remotely troubleshoot devices.
Let's jump right in!
Before you can use Knox Remote Support, you'll need to have a Samsung Knox account.
If you don't have one, please go to Samsungknox.com and click "Get started" to sign up.
You'll also need a Knox Suite license or a Knox Manage license.
Finally, you'll need a device running Android 10 or higher.
Available features for Knox Remote Support may vary depending on device manufacturers and OS versions.
Let's begin a remote support session.
Login to your Knox Admin portal, and launch the Knox Remote Support console from the left navigation pane.
On the Knox Remote Support viewer, click "Start with Code", which generates a 6-digit code used to connect with the device.
You can easily share this code with your device user by clicking "Send SMS" and entering the phone number of the device.
This sends an SMS with the 6-digit code and a google play link to download the Knox Remote Support agent.
After the device user runs the Knox Remote Support agent, they can enter the 6-digit code to begin the remote support session.
For fully managed Samsung devices, you can choose to "Automatically start"
which will start a remote session without any input from the device user, as long as the device is unlocked.
First, you'll have to add the Knox Remote Support agent to your EMM, which will be Knox Manage for this tutorial.
On the Knox Manage console, open the Application page from the left navigation pane.
Then, click "Add" and select "Public-Managed Google Play".
Search for Knox Remote Support,
and select it for app assignment.
Then save and assign this application.
Then, click Set configuration to open the managed configuration for Knox Remote Support.
Here, you need to enter a name for the configuration, and also a secret key.
To find your Secret key, open the Knox Remote Support console, and click on your user name on the top-right.
Copy your Secret key, and paste it into the managed configuration for Knox Remote Support on your EMM.
Set the installation type to Automatic, and assign it to your fully managed devices.
After you push the Knox Remote Support agent to your fully managed devices
They will appear on the Devices page on your Knox Remote Support console.
Here, you can select the device and click "Automatically start", which starts a remote session with that device.
If you're using Knox Manage, you can also start a remote session on the Devices page on the Knox Manage console.
On the Knox Remote Support Devices page, you can also click "Ask to start",
which prompts the device with a notification request.
The device user can accept this request to begin the remote session.
During the remote support session, you can view and operate the device using the viewer.
The remote support viewer also provides you with some tools to help troubleshoot the device.
You can click "Record" to begin a screen recording of the device.
When you're done, you can download the recording onto your computer.
You can also take a screenshot of the device with "Capture Screen" and download the screenshot onto your computer.
Finally, you can browse and transfer files by clicking "File Browser".
This prompts the device with a notification
which you can click to browse the device's files and select files you want to transfer from the device onto your computer.
You can also transfer files from your computer to the device by dragging and dropping your files into the remote support viewer.
When you're finished, click "Disconnect" to end the remote support session.
On the Knox Remote Support console, you can view the history of previous remote support sessions, along with details about each session.
You can also view the Activity log, which shows a list of events for Knox Remote Support.
This includes events such as starting or ending remote support sessions,
past log-ins to the Knox Remote Support console, and previous Device additions and deletions.
This concludes our training video on Knox Remote Support.
To learn more about everything covered in this video, please visit our documentation at docs.samsungknox.com.
Thanks for watching!